DAYDREAM CHROME TEST - READ ME FIRST

WHAT IT IS
A one-time test on this MacBook. It checks whether DayDream can tell which
Chrome window and which box you are typing in, from outside Chrome and
without an extension. It uses a separate, empty "throwaway" Chrome and a
test page that only this Mac can see. It takes about 50 minutes.

SAFETY RULES
- Type made-up words only, for example: purple lamp sings over quiet hills.
- The only password you type is the dummy one already on the test page.
  Never type a real password, card number or code.
- Quit DayDream (menu bar icon > Quit) and your own Chrome (Cmd+Q) first.
  The script waits until both have quit. It never touches your own Chrome.
- Don't sign in to Google in the test Chrome.

HOW TO START
1. Open Terminal: press Cmd+Space, type Terminal, press Return.
2. Paste this line and press Return:

   bash "/Volumes/DayDream Chrome Test/run.sh"

   If it says "No such file": type bash and a space, drag run.sh from the
   "DayDream Chrome Test" window into Terminal, then press Return.
3. Follow the steps on screen. Turn the sound up: Tink means "go",
   Glass means "done".

macOS will ask for two permissions for Terminal (Accessibility and
"control Google Chrome"); the script shows you where to click. It may also
ask whether Terminal can use files on a removable volume (this disk image):
click Allow.

You can stop at any time with Ctrl+C and run the same line again later.
The script cleans up after itself: it closes the test Chrome, deletes its
throwaway profile, stops the test page, and tells you which permissions to
switch off again.

WHAT TO SEND BACK
At the end a Finder window shows one file, chrome-device-test-report.json,
in your home folder (the folder with your name). Attach that one file to
a GitHub issue. It holds no typed text, no window titles and no full web
addresses: only pass/fail results, timings and short site names like
http://127.0.0.1:8765.

IF SOMETHING GOES WRONG
- Terminal says "Operation not permitted": macOS is blocking Terminal from
  this disk image. Open System Settings > Privacy & Security > Files &
  Folders, click Terminal, switch on "Removable Volumes", then paste the
  line again. (Switch it off again after the test.)
- "Chrome never came to the front": after pressing Return in Terminal,
  click the test Chrome window within 45 seconds.
- Box 8 on the test page shows an error: at step 12, type s and press
  Return to skip that step, and mention it when you send the report.
- Step 23 closed the window without asking "Leave site?": answer n. Chrome
  asks only after a click on the page. Later, run the Incognito steps again
  (see the last point).
- F11 in the results says NOT RUN: the two windows did not sit exactly on
  top of each other. Use Window > Zoom in both windows, not full screen.
- The results say G4 failed: run the test again with --settle 5 at the end:
    bash "/Volumes/DayDream Chrome Test/run.sh" --settle 5
- To run some steps again, add --only and the step names, for example the
  three Incognito steps:
    bash "/Volumes/DayDream Chrome Test/run.sh" --only incognito-race,incognito-background,incognito-closing
  Steps that need an earlier step's windows get that step added for you.
  Not sure which steps? Send the report: Claude will tell you.
- Anything else: copy the last lines from Terminal into your chat with
  Claude.
